all good health for two years I
planted about 15 fruit trees and
once i think so
special trees for growing
fruits there are plums and apricots apple
mulberry, etc. etc. then for the trees
need to care so that they are normal
grew and gave good fruit one of
tree care
this spring pruning pruned trees with
with help of such
scissors which are called pruner and here
such a pruner just the other day
has gained
now as it is no longer spring or
at least
spring may month but late trees you already
prune though some gardeners like
would not mind later under later trimming
but nevertheless, I still seem to be busy
I just try to speak
growing strawberries and there too
pruning so as if shears me
necessary so i went to the market on
the market I like to go because in
In principle, the product is the same as
the stores mostly and plus you can
twist talk talk i mean
not like there is more close to buy
some things some things on the market and
so pruner special some there
I have no requirements for him where I am more
contact grower beginner so I kind of
I decided to start with a simple bought ordinary
pruner issue price there limits 10
dollars firm
I honestly admit that I did not even look
On the Internet, what is this company from ?
if I'm not mistaken and maybe I'm wrong
this is a german company maybe polish
Well, it seems to be no matter why I bought
First I like this pruner
its ergonomics i.e. pen
it seems to be created
under my arm there are all sorts
bends on the handle and is very comfortable
pruning arm further principle how would this
not news and in which all such
the function is that there is an opportunity to open
that is, do not open and put on
blocker pruner lest it
opened holding it with one hand here
there is such a lever here that is, I have it
open and secateurs opened secateurs and
In principle, everything is not in principle, but I'm different
just did not see all stocked
such a special spring so that they themselves
I only opened when I cut
trees need only do as it were
such push all the necessary effort
the rest is done by a smaller hand spring
gets tired
that is, one hand is comfortable here and
securely fix and pruner why
because here's the blade
quite sharply and I still think it
a little sharpen so if pruner
will open up somewhere in the bag in
you can hurt yourself in your pocket
so it closes
more ergonomic further comfortable here comfortable
the handle is covered by the metal secateur itself
the handle is covered somehow
synthetic material like
stuff on the handle of sports equipment
or
simulator more precisely or something similar to
bike handle I once was
very similar further this pruner can
disassemble I do not know you will be seen or
no, that is, here is such a screw
what lock is also fixed
that is, you can pull up to let go
pruner adjusting here thickness care
between the two between the two
halves i mean plus me
I liked it almost completely
demountable
that is, it can be disassembled there
brush lubricate head back
collect as if without problems I really like it
how would you like and the latter how
but not the last selection criterion
last thing i want to talk about
this shears and this is very important
the moment you come to the store or on
market and will choose a secateur
be sure to test it for the first time
came just looked at that
the market is
and the second time I got ready I brought with
a sprig of apple and a sprig of apricot
because some apricot is more
tough is a tree and i started cutting
these pruners and sometime when first
Once I chose I took such a very similar
pruner on the Soviet such completely
all-metal what brutal i
so cut bad he cuts that even
pinched myself like that
I know how it happened here in
pen see they don't fit either
something prize
thousand have yourself unreal there pen
it converges as it so I bent disinformation
pinched my finger even here
I felt like I was on a finger
if you can put it that is just
not attention mares
take a wand or ask
seller's wand normal sell a
the wand is there and I tried to cut it
pruner and all inexpensive let's say so
models he mode is very good answer to
unfortunately does not have enough home
the thickness of the wand took such that's how it is
called skewer on which by the way I
listened to my homemade dried apricots and plan
do it this year that is he cuts
Very good
I cut already some branches so
I tried it because I 'm trying to trim
now is not made and cut off
the strawberries are already a little very very good
cuts I really like the fact that when
one branch is cut a branch of a tree
I so that you could see that is necessary
try to branch closer to the base
blades move and then make an effort
on as if without ppm get angry and when
you cut strawberries catch up here
this place doesn't always work in
basically this part from
mid to tip I tested and
cuts with the tips of the center but it is like
no obstacle to normal pruner
but cuts very well so contact called
cuts name is cut principle how would this
all I wanted to say about this
device this pruner thanks for that
watched see you bye